The preview that I worked on includes the beginning portion of the sailing bedtime story. The audio narrative starts off with a self-recorded clip, where I ask my boyfriend to read me a bedtime story to fall asleep. There is light rain in the background to indicate a more tranquil night. As he recounts his adventure, the rain sound trails off and it immediately cuts to the sound of a diesel engine. This transition is abrupt so that the listener can tell that we have transported in time to his experience out in the high seas. The audio clip (which was taken from Freesound under a Creative Commons license, along with the other sound effect clips in the rest of the preview). The engine is loud and overpowers a lot of the other audio for a purpose; Jake (he prefers to be called captain here) sleeps next to the loud engine and emphasizes how annoying and bothersome it is. Simultaneously, the sound of the rocking boat—that is, the thumping of waves heard from the interior of the ship, plays alongside the engine sound. Both sounds will be present so long as the scene remains at the cabin of the ship. As the captain’s first mate walks down the stairs from the deck, the creaking of the wooden floorboards can be heard. I edited this audio clip to sound faster, hollower, and trimmed the middle to reduce the number of stairs. The first mate’s voice is also Jake’s voice, but I edited it though several applications of distortion, pitch drop, bass boost, and filter curves. The only other audio clips I have in the audacity files are the sounds of an airhorn, which I edited to be faster, distant-sounding, and duplicated; the wind from the ocean; the sound of waves crashing against the boat when you’re on the deck, and the sail rope hitting the pole. All these clips are muted in the cabin and will be brought into the narrative in the future scenes when he is on the deck. The next plan of action is to create the outdoors scene where an unmarked fishing vessel pulls up to his ship and announces over the radio that they are in an U.S. missile testing zone. 
